Reorganize security documentation [DOCS-104] (#1263)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/security/pages/overview.adoc

before a new member or client comes to the cluster; you can perform identity checking using custom
authentication protocols.
* xref:security:security-interceptor.adoc[Security Interceptor] that provides a callback
point for client operations executed against the cluster.

See also xref:secure-cluster:hardening-recommendations.adoc[Security Hardening Recommendations section]
to learn more about the best security practices.

Security-related areas that are covered in other sections of the documentation include:

* Network and Advanced Network configuration allow specifying bind interfaces;
* Advanced Network configuration allows separating socket addresses for different protocols;
* Management operations can be limited to specific IP addresses where Management Center is allowed to run;
* Untrusted deserialization protection allows control of which types are allowed in Java native deserialization;

Hazelcast distributions contain security-hardened example configuration files that help users to review configuration sections related to deployment security.

== Hazelcast Jet considerations

When using Hazelcast's Jet streaming engine, notice the following security considerations:

> * Hazelcast jobs allow you to use your custom codes and these codes must be available on
> cluster classpath or deployed to the cluster; this means any client is able to deploy
> custom codes to the cluster, so make sure each client is authorized to access the cluster.
> * The Jet engine bypasses the access control layer when accessing the data structures in the same cluster.
> * The connectors of the Jet engine include 3rd party codes which may increase the attack surface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hazelcast jobs allow you to use your custom code and this code must be available on
cluster classpath or deployed to the cluster; this means any client is able to deploy
custom code to the cluster, so make sure each client is authorized to access the cluster.
* The Jet engine bypasses the access control layer when accessing the data structures in the same cluster.
* The connectors of the Jet engine include third-party code which may increase the attack surface.
```
